updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feedback-and-community.md

# Feedback and Community
We appreciate your comments and concerns about the Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) or CardSpace documentation. On the bottom of every page in the SDK is the sentence "Send comments about this topic to Microsoft." Click the "comments" link to send your views or suggestions about the specific topic.  
  

>  If you are looking for more information, or want to share techniques with others who are interested in WCF, try the [MSDN Windows Communication Foundation forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/vstudio/en-US/home?forum=wcf).

Reviewer: can you undo this one? I'm actually going to delete this article

```suggestion
 If you are looking for more information, or want to share techniques with others who are interested in WCF, try the [MSDN Windows Communication Foundation forum](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=186463).
```
